Allow to configure hostname for redirect (#53)
sulu/SuluRedirectBundle: UPGRADING.md

# Upgrading

## dev-master

### Database change

> To support multiple webspaces a host field was added to the redirect entity and
> the following database migration need to be run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To support multiple webspaces a sourceHost field was added to the RedirectRoute entity and
the following database migration need to be run:
```
